Hello World, I AM AWS DEVOPS Engineer in the making.
I have God the FATHER.
I have God the SON.
I have God the SPIRIT.
Three of them joined, I have backing oooo....

I can DO ALL things through Christ who strengthens me.
I have the I CAN DO SPIRIT.

For HE has given me Wisdom, Knowledge and Understanding.
I will DO EXPLOILTS.
I will FUFILL PURPOSE.
I will FUFILL DESTINY.

And I have a testimony to share soon.

JESUS is on my SIDE.


--PURPOSE--
There is something in this world that i can do that nobody else can do 
I dont know what it is but i will take it one day at a time and do the best that I can.
And doing the things that nobody else wanted to do.

What can I DO that nobody WANTS TO DO.
What ever nobody wants to do make that your job.

If God made everthing a purpose he made you with a purpose.

What you say to yourself matters a lot in your life.

Greatness come when you whatsoever your hand findeth to do do it with all 
your might.

If you get angry about someone and loose your temper you are 
going to loose the fight. Dont get MAD get SMART.
You take care of your business and you let God deal with them
and you let your mind and your heart and your spirit lead you.

Leadership should not expend undo energy wrestling with people
who refuse to be convinced.

The best way to get along with evil in the world is probably to love the hell out of it.

Evil is insecurity and its jealousy. People who dont like you wants to be like you.
Infact they dont only want to be like you but they want to be you.

Let the day own trouble be sufficient unto the day thereof
Treat everbody right no matter how they treat you. Treat them right till you die.

In reality nobody shines all the time

As a leader you need to have a keen sence of who you are.

In the middle of every controversy and every adverse situation God 
has a way of turning it around if you look forward.

We should be able to learn that sometimes the way we are is not the most effective way to 
get the most results you need


When you loose your temper you loose your head

In this world people will do everything and anything to get attension. Ignore the naisaisers

It seems like God uses our weakness and our evil to put us into situations that 
forces us to get strong.

